Q:	What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
A:	It puts a git repository into the directory you initialized. You need to do it because it is the only way 
	to make a git repository?

Q:	How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think
 	it offers?
A:	The staging area is an intermediate space in between the working directory and the repository. Before you
	make a commit, all files you want in the commit go in there so they can be seperated from other files that
	potentially may belong in a different commit. I think it is very useful because someone could make 10 files in the same program session with very few being related to each other and will likely need a way to seperate them.

Q:	How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
A:  You can group together edits on multiple files on the same commit so you don't have, for example, 3
	commits which are both edits to 3 files which are closley related and have similar edits instead of just
	1.

Q:	What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would
	branches help?
A:	You may want to make different versions of a program without overiding the other ones completely.
	Examples: You want to make it in a different language. You want to make different difficulties. You want
	to have a main version of your program while on another branch you can test stuff for it.

Q:	How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
A:	By showing you where they branch off and what parents each commit has.

Q:	What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
A:  When you merge two branches together, it deletes things deleted in one branch even if it wasn't in the
	other and adds things added in one branch even if it wasn't added in the other. It is a way of getting the two new features in the one game. We represent it in the diagram this way because the commit has two parents: the latest commit from the two branches.
